I'm sorry I wanted to let you have your
moment but I just couldn't hold it in
you think this is funny
I think I'm impressed miss Venable I
wasn't sure you've had it in you you've
passed the test you're perfect for the
sanctuary what's up everybody welcome
back to another breakdown Hey
Ryan's here yeah I was in Santa Monica
traffic last week Greg but I survived
just like Brock because I wanted to
break down another episode of the show
with you this is episode 3 forbidden
fruit and also guys we love your
comments so please keep them coming and
we're gonna actually feature a few of
our favorites later on in this breakdown
so stay tuned now don't forget to hit
that subscribe button so you don't miss
any of these breakdowns after you
subscribe click that link in the
description to enter our guardians of
galaxies giveaway courtesy of our
friends at fun comm hurry up because the
contest runs until October 1st everyone
and I mean everyone should savor this
night as if it were their last alright
Greg so forbidden fruit and if it wasn't
obvious before now we have actual apples
and snakes that hold Garden of Eden Adam
and Eve metaphoric it's your own right
over the head yeah I love it we now
Timothy and Emily are the only
characters we know so far they have to
do something with their blood rare
picked for this special DNA yes special
DNA so even though we saw him croak at
the end of this episode our IP they may
come back around yeah when you dine this
show you don't actually die there's you
know the witches can bring you back
apparently you don't die you only
multiply first off the top let's give a
shout out to some of the editing that we
liked
during the interrogation and Michael is
going through each one of the survivors
there's a very fun use of editing in
terms of getting from each and every
person yeah and it felt was like one
conversation but you knew it happened
over multiple Jake Utz and L cuts all
together and for a second you're like
wait was that Michael Landon's voice oh
oh no no it's it's not it's okay they're
switching between characters I liked it
they did a very similar thing in Legion
yes I think I believe back in season one
with Lennie when she's a therapist and
and kind of interrogating in questioning
all the inhabitants of clockworks it was
really well done here and I
love the use of editing and in this in
this case I think you're made for that
world Mallory I sense it in you
I'm just sitting down to get ready into
this episode and all of a sudden Mallory
throws this line out there there's
something inside me
someone's trying to crawl out it's
trying to crawl out of me like wait what
what hold on we thought this was just
literally an assistant a background
character that it would have nothing
with the main you know story but it
turns out that she has the secret power
yes she could be a witch she could be an
angel we'll come back to that later but
it's a cool scene all of a sudden
Michael Langdon transforms into a demon
and then boom you get the fire great way
to open the show yes one of the first
moments we see him with the special
power we saw previously when he's
unlocking things and kind of maybe his
telepathy int ain't making me people
make decisions but now we actually see
the literal demon inside of him was a
cool little shot and then her and her
she seemed extremely powerful no I was
shocked that they went this direction
quickly - yeah the first five minutes
they get it in it like let you know
alright there's more to what you're
seeing here especially with different
characters including Dina yeah I find
out that also she is at least we think
she's a witch
yeah now it goes without saying that
Michael is a bit shocked about Mallory's
powers and he needs to have a little
one-on-one combo with his dad Satan
can't just FaceTime him or you know send
an email he has to literally call do a
whole satanic ritual make a pentagram in
the ground of course and the snakes have
to rise pretty trippy scene there and
he's he makes us one line this is one
line about that he thought he rid the
whole earth of them and he got rid of
them all mm-hmm it was just the wicked
you know I can't because he just saw
Dina and she's a witch or something why
didn't he just kill her off right there
immediately he said she wasn't powerful
enough so it has to be something more
than just the witch
maybe a supreme
maybe an angel yeah so like he's
basically been wiping out outpost
outpost we believe but also specifically
looking for it may be the most powerful
among Steve I've errs that would even
stop him from his end goal destroyed
one survived and then we get our most
meta moment of the show where actually
had a few meta moments and I hope they
continue but the first one happens to be
with Mead and her background history and
we get her as a Rosie the robot for
Halloween her story's broken down into
just different Halloween years yeah
that's really cool I was perfect on like
a rather celebrating Halloween for this
episode and then to go back years time
jump to different Halloween's the meta
moment of the Rosie the robot perfect
spot on her first one of her first dates
I believe yes with Rosemary's Baby
creepy yeah but the creepy dude and her
first horror film Rosemary's Baby and
then she was a an agent of Mossad and
fighting a terrorist yes and her first
kill now the thing about all those
scenes they're just memories downloaded
to her so not real as we learned out the
episode before she is a robot an Android
of some sorts as when she got shot so
they aren't real memories someone put
those memories inside of her and later
on we find out that the memories that
were put inside her root because of
Michael Langdon himself and he also was
hiding certain memories that hidden 100
realize yet and Michael decided to play
a little joke on their having a B but
the meta moments of her being Rosie the
robot and then going to see Rosemary's
Baby it's so cool and the last one the
fight scene I'm curious did he just
watch an episode of the Americans the
bat tour or the scene from Kill Bill or
any fighters barriers oh yeah yeah yeah
there's got to be some fight scene that
he watched and just said I'm just gonna
copy and paste this and put it into her
brain that's a great that's a great
point as evil as Michael is he made have
she might have some taste in pop culture
TV and films right in order to put these
into someone's memory and to create that
whole that whole scene but yeah pretty
pretty crazy reveal that not only was
she a robot we found out last episode
but now that she's been fabricated to
think a certain way and to obey certain
commands down the line and then Meade
gives us this great line
goddamn robot never forget you loyalty
to me I love you Kathy Bates yes we do
please please we love you I love you so
much
I never felt love neither have i well
you have family so this whole thing went
down like into 2019 and we're just was
to believe that there are like androids
amongst us like the co-operative just
builds androids in the background yes
they're just you'd have to go with it
that the co-operative somehow build
androids now there's probably more than
one if they wouldn't just press on has
be multiple yes there's a West world
inside of American Horror Story all
right no surprise I think you called
this Brock is still alive I knew there
had to be one more scene with Brock and
not only did they bring him back they
brought him back to go get his revenge
on KOCO I perfect Billy Eichner gave us
a little hint that he might be coming
back though in a tweet earlier week
before so pay close attention to those
actors tweets they kind of give a little
bit of Ryan Murphy's probably gotta tell
him to stop doing that but for now it's
been pretty cool I've been waiting on
something like this and I love the
schlocky mess of having him come back
and like this Mad Max vibe he's now in a
shock knocking guys down one by one
I loved it very post-apocalyptic world
he's just surviving I was like shocked
that he survived all that the cannibals
I was a scavengers the guns that might
bring him back yeah I just I don't know
why what he wasn't believable he could
barely get out of Santa Monica traffic
and now he's killing people I just go
with it
but after this scene there's no way you
can just go and wait wait how how is he
supposed to be there's no way he should
be alive you just have to go with it
right it's totally so Brock makes it to
outpost three doing the Sideshow Bob
Katie here you know underneath things
the horse carriage filled with of course
apples
of course he pulls a Snake Plissken he
gets in there and you know stays
undercover I don't know where he got the
mask but great guy but the alarm goes
off of people like enter no return the
alarms off they turn the alarms off
again all right back to Mallory and we
get a really fun I can't believe I'm
saying this
x-men Easter egg from mutant Mallory
I was pretty surprised by this maybe it
was the blast the radiation
did something and now I'm like The Dark
Phoenix what are you saying are you
saying you have superpowers now Greg
Dark Phoenix the trailer just dropped
the night of American Horror Story
apocalypse Episode three they had to
plan this right they planned it probably
for the movie yes not the trailer
because at the same time why didn't they
have the trailer attached to this
episode they should have just had it
promoted the trailer why would they put
her on The Late Late Night show very
good choice of words Dark Phoenix I feel
like Dark Phoenix Wow
[Music]
okay next up Rosie the robot decides to
poison the apples with the venom from
sneeze decides yet her decision her
decision well it goes off splendidly
yeah but before that they do a little
bobbing for apples yep which is a
callback to the first season murder
house where they're actually bobbing for
apples yeah we saw this really great
tweet from at hailstorm underscore all
I'm thinking about is how Chad would be
pissed that they aren't bobbing for
granny smith apples I thought that was a
great way to call back a previous you
know season and have an element that
they use back then Murder House but also
this was just a genius way to kill off a
bunch of people everyone immediately
gets violently sick throwing up blood
throw up vomit everything hose they had
up the hose it was very over-the-top but
it was it was amazing
yes it reminds me of my one of my
all-time favorite films you know the
arthouse classic problem child too
[Music]
you know what I prefer the sandlot that
chewing tobacco seam tomato tomahto
then a little meat go to Michael's room
and they decide to just bring a gun with
them yeah good luck guys with one little
pistol okay
yeah he's just like typing away like
just sending emails just like updating
his myspace and some stuff like that and
then we've quickly learned that he was
in control of Meade the entire to the
entire time and then commands her to
kill Venable now there's a very
significant moment in this conversation
with Mead and Mike Rowe Langdon Langdon
tells her that she was based off someone
very dear to him someone that loved him
is it constant it has to be constants
laying tonight I assume so he did his
grandmother why didn't he just say his
grandmother yeah didn't want to reveal
too much it may be it's too obvious
though but I feel like you know we're
supposed to get kostas Langdon like an
episode six I believe this season my
question is how how do we get there is
is are we gonna get time travel I think
it's going to be time travel I have a
feeling I'm almost certain it's time
travel you're wiped out right
everything's gone so she's gone this is
the only thing left of her is Miz Meade
yes is in that robot brain of hers so at
the very end you're thinking okay which
is the gosh it has to it has to happen
everyone's gone except for Michael and
Rosie so there something has to happen
here at this point in the show and now
you've killed off Sarah Paulsen's first
character mm-hmm and now it's time to
bring in probably time to bring back her
yeah
[Music]
find our sisters now that song of course
is Rolling Stones she's a rainbow and it
plays as the coven witches arrive over
to outpost three it kind of feels like
the coven witches might be that rainbow
at the end of the storm that storming
Michael Langdon of course and by the way
that song is off the Rolling Stones
album called their satanic Majesties
request I think that's pretty fitting
for this show right now I like to think
so now the three witches that arrived to
outpost three are Myrtle snow Madison
Montgomery and of course Cordelia Fox
yes and they revived their sisters which
happened to be of course Malory Dena and
Coco I was shocked okay all right
surprise [ __ ] I bet you thought you'd
seen the last of me now it seems to me
that she knows Malory mm-hmm
they know each other Malory doesn't seem
to know her but immediately something's
inside her someone's inside hers so the
August theory that's floating around on
the Internet is that these three new
sisters new witches aren't totally new
that they might have people inside them
the previous witches zoe queenie and
misty pasa inside them now okay I can
see that and I would love it there's a
little twist where Dena isn't Queenie
it's actually Coco's Queenie's like you
know wrap it up you're like okay she's
black she's black so they probably are
Queen I would love that there's a little
twist there we'll see now the other
option is that those witches from coven
are still back in New Orleans or
wherever they're you know safe and that
these are just three new literal sisters
that they're trying to recruit to the
coven in order to help them in their
fight against Michael Langdon I can see
that but I have a feeling there's more
going on here and it has to do at
Halloween we'll get to that a little bit
later though but for now let's get to
our favorite moments yes and mine has to
be when Brock gets his revenge on Coco
we saw it coming I was waiting for this
and it's really spot-on
especially the final line
happy Halloween [ __ ] and this line from
KOCO that she slips the Mallory right
here
the closest thing we had to a Christmas
feast was stew yeah
those were great moments um I really
enjoyed it's gonna sound sound grotesque
but the a death Apple seen the bobbing
for apples that literally killed
everyone right
it was it was over the top it was campy
I mean you could literally almost see
the tubes behind their mouths spewing
all the fake vomit I think that was a
lot of fun to shoot probably not to
clean up right but a lot of fun look
just junk for the act it looks
disgusting it didn't look too realistic
but they had fun with it I never minded
I reminded us obviously of a couple
movies TV shows family guys another one
a lot of fun with that one I really also
did like how meta got with the the
moments of Miz Meade and her background
and you know finding out that she's an
Android and that she had all these
memories kind of programmed into her I
thought it was really spot-on and fun I
just really enjoy anything with Kathy
Bates okay so we pulled a few of our
favorite comments from last week's
episode so here they are eighty says I
think the sanctuary is the murder house
where Michael was born maybe I I'm not
on board with that theory
I think the murder house is gone in LA I
think it's it's been wiped out I don't
there's anything left that's a good
that's a good point
now do you think the sanctuary actually
exists mm-hmm I think some kind of
sanctuary does exist I think there's
something going on here but is the
sanctuary hell yeah I don't know if we
want to go to the sanctuary I don't
think it's an ideal destination I don't
think that's there you don't want to
take that trip oh my god don't my only
question of with from this tweet is you
know if if if you think the murder house
is gone then how are we gonna get to see
some of those characters later in the
season I guess it goes back to our
theory on time travel mm-hmm next
comment is from Vanessa James I hope I'm
pronouncing that correctly
Cody fern aka Michael gives me a vampire
vibe he looks like a young Tom Cruise on
interview with a vampire
I'm a new fan Vanessa I cannot agree
with you anymore it was definitely
spot-on
interview with a vampire vibe said he
said that since the beginning and I
think just a casting wise perfect choice
Cody fern is doing an exceptional job I
said it last week I'm gonna say it
probably every week and his screen
presence every time he's on camera I'm
like
here we go it is great totally and can
we talk about the hair yeah there's
gonna be a lot of Halloween costumes I'm
assuming as Michael Langdon will see the
last comment comes from Athena Sita I do
think it's possible that Michael is
looking to end humanity by turning them
against each other however I would not
count out the possibility that he might
be looking to rebirth the human race aka
the Adam and Eve theory but in his image
of darkness and evil do you believe that
all people if given the right pressures
or stimulus are evil [ __ ] hmm
got on yeah so he wants to have the last
two people remaining the evil as hell
yes or I don't I don't think I don't
think Timothy and Emily are those
choices then no back wanted have sex
like I would love it they're just a
distraction and they're not coming back
but they're and he's testing he's trying
he's looking for the most evil to go
with him mm-hmm
guys thank you so much these comments we
literally try to read every single one
of them down there so keep them coming
and we're gonna feature a lot of your
comments in the coming breakdowns down
the road well can be saved by you by all
of us I can sense your power we need
your help how can any of you defeat me
when I've already won okay and finally
let's jump into predictions Ryan what do
you got I think the more you and I talk
about this that there's definitely gonna
be some time travel involved we see a
glimpse in the preview for next week
that Madison is working like in a in a
home goods store or a Walmart and and
that she first comes face to face with
Michael Langdon so I think that's in the
past somehow or it's got to be it's got
to be back then and I think that's how
we're gonna get to like a lot of the
coven characters in a lot of the Murder
House characters I don't think a lot I
agree with you I think a lot of those
characters are gone I think a lot of
them were wiped out by the end of the
world so I think it's gonna be a lot of
time travel in order to stop Michael
Langdon now that being said what if that
glimpse at Madison and Michael's
conversation is actually Michael kind of
bringing her out of hell
what if that is her Madison's personal
hell and he is bringing her out of you
know the depths of Hell and bringing her
back so I would just be cautious about
Madison and her intentions I may be she
can't be trusted maybe Michael has a
bigger scheme and a bigger plan down the
road here and he knew that these witches
were gonna be up you know out to get him
I dig that but at the same time I wonder
if what we saw was just backstory in
this trailer for everything we need to
know about the witches and what led up
to this moment via apocalypse with that
said if we're gonna take it that way I
wonder if the witches showed up because
we're dealing with the Days of Future
past thing they brought up Dark Phoenix
earlier their name-dropping
x-men characters there I feel like
they're setting us up for really a scene
where Mallory is gonna say that is this
like Days of Future past I feel like
it's coming because the witches are
there and they may only be there because
it's Halloween the one day that the dead
can be amongst the living I feel like
we're we're getting something like that
where they're there to somehow beam
someone's mind or memory just like x-men
Kitty Pryde and Wolverine and sending
them back to the past to try to fix the
events before Michael Langdon just takes
out the entire planet Wow so do you
think that the rest of the season might
then just occur over the course of this
Halloween night mm-hmm that's how you
get Constance Langdon back that's how
you get back the murder house and I feel
like that's where they're going here
they're gonna send someone back in time
try to fix the events that would be nuts
it's done right
it could be great I just hope they don't
go we got to go back and stop tape
Langdon from you know conceiving Michael
when did stuff like that I hope they
don't go that far back we'll see that's
it for us this week guys thank you so
much for watching let us know your
theories and predictions in the comments
below and you can always hit us up on
Twitter whenever you want I'm at Gregg
up T what if I 5 i'ma try narc P alright
let's get out of here i I'm kind of
hungry
I need them an apple get an apple no no
I dunno I need a delicious red apple
Granny Smith right